Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[Boyd] Previously on From...
- Come here. Come here.
Oh. no!
[sobbing hysterically]
"Knowledge comes at a cost"?
It killed Jim because of us.
"Anghkooey."
It means "remember."
[Boyd] These kids keep
calling you back to help them.
- How do we do it?
- I'm working on it.
[Tabitha] Julie and Ethan.
I don't know how.
but I'm gonna find a way
to take care of them.
to keep them safe.
- I don't wanna be here anymore!
- Ethan!
What did you do?
Why didn't he come home?
- I did nothing.
- You're lying!
I want Dad!
[Jim] Ethan.
The night we arrived here.
you had a dream.
- Lake of Tears?
- It's here.
And I need you to find it.
Ethan called it
"Storywalking."
I need you to give me some time.
even if it looks bad.
Dad!
Randall!
[Randall] I got you.
[gasping]
Look at me. Look at me.
[Sophia] Lord. please protect us
in this dark place.
Please stand
by my daddy's bedside
and let him wake
renewed in Your love.
[choking]
My father died.
[Kenny] I'll talk to Boyd
about a burial.
If people find out
what you did...
Help! No!
...that's the kind of thing that
could tear this place apart.
You're gonna tell them
that you lost your eye
trying to help Fatima.
Hey! Hey! Whoa!
I'm a good person
and I don't deserve to be here.
Get the strip.
- What I'm doing is getting out.
- There is no way out!
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
I gave... birth to one of them.
Dad. tell her that's not
what you're saying.
It's the one I killed.
I told all of you that there
was something inside me.
Sorry.
Oh. it's okay.
I'll get out of your way.
No. you don't--
you don't--
you don't need to go.
I just came to get
a glass of water.
Boyd said if people
find out what happened--
I know.
We should probably get
our story straight.
Are you okay?
I'm not really sure
I deserve to be.
Elgin.
I don't want to hate you.
This place took advantage
of both of us.
Neither of us will
ever be the same again.
Will we?
No. we won't.
There's something
I need your help with.
- [gun firing]
- [townspeople screaming]
- [screaming]
- [gun firing]
[Boyd] Abby! Stop!
- [gun cocking]
- No. no!
[gasps]
Oh.
[groans]
Oh. shit. [groans]
You wanna tell me what
the hell that was yesterday?
Not really.
You're gonna have to do
a little better than that.
What do you want me to say?
I want you to tell me
that you're not gonna
lose your shit again
and put people's
lives in danger.
You got lucky yesterday.
You understand that?
If Kristi had gotten hurt.
you and me
are having a different
conversation right now.
Look. whoever
that was yesterday.
that wasn't me. all right?
[sighs]
I don't even wanna be here.
Well. good.
We're working on that.
[exhales heavily]
You know.
Kristi told me yesterday that
she'd seen dozens of people
with dozens of schemes
about how to leave this place.
There's only thing
that they have in common.
You know what it is?
They all died.
Yeah.
Well...
Well. this time
feels different.
Yeah. That's probably
what they thought.
Can you give me a bullet?
I only... need one.
I'll go into the woods.
and look.
don't worry. you won't even
have to clean it up.
Sophia?
I brought you some things
from your dad's car.
Thank you.
We're gonna take him down
to the service now.
Can I have a minute
to say goodbye?
Yeah. of course.
We'll be right outside
when you're ready. okay?
[Sophia] Okay.
[ominous music playing]
You were fun.
I couldn't let you go without
something to remember you by.
[ominous music playing]
[flesh squishing]
[snaps]
["Que Sera. Sera (Whatever Will
Be. Will Be)" plays]
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
♪ Now I have
children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
Fuck!
Fuck.
- Jade.
- What?
Tell me you got something.
Oh. does it fucking look
like I have something?
I...
Okay.
It's all--It's in here.
It's in here. I know it is.
There is-- there is more to what
we need to know and I just--
I can't... Fuck it.
You don't have any acid. do you?
What?
LSD. W-- Listen.
Henry said Miranda
started seeing this place
after an acid trip they took.
which kinda makes sense. given.
you know.
how the brain stores memory.
If it worked for her. it stands
to reason it could work for me.
Oh. okay. um. uh.
take a breath.
Take a breath.
If you're right. and everything
we need is in your brain.
then the last thing we need
is for you to scramble it.
Just take a little time.
Get back to this
after the funeral.
Okay.
I'm not going to the funeral.
Trust me.
I won't be missed.
Look. the best thing
I can do for Tabitha.
for everybody here.
is just find a way to unlock
whatever's locked in here.
How are you gonna do that?
I don't know.
Hey. Jade.
Be careful.
That message on the barn wall
wasn't fucking around.
Whatever answers you may find.
we have no idea
what they're gonna cost.
Are you okay?
It doesn't fit.
[exhales] Honey. I'm sorry.
It was the only thing
I could find in the shed.
You don't have to wear it
if you don't want to.
Yes. I do.
At Grandpa's funeral.
Dad said a man wears a suit
to show his respect.
You look very handsome.
Let's go.
Days like today...
well. they're not easy.
I'm not going to stand here...
- [cawing]
- ...and try to tell you that--
[cawing]
[crowd chattering]
[crows cawing]
[cawing]
- Boyd?
- Just...
[cawing]
[crows cawing]
You need to eat.
I'm not hungry.
Hello.
Hi. Victor.
Uh...
Oh.
[stammers]
When I was a boy.
I drew pictures
so that the pictures
would remember.
This is for you.
That's very sweet. Victor.
Thank you so much.
Can I go to the Colony House
with Victor?
No. not today.
Please.
I don't wanna be here.
Is that okay with you?
Yeah.
Okay.
Be safe. okay?
I'll make sure that nothing
happens to him. I promise.
Okay.
Here. you drink this.
And. uh. Bakta's just whipping
you up something to eat.
Has anything like that
ever happened before?
With the-- the crows?
No.
I mean. everybody sees them
when they see the trees.
but that's. uh-- that's new.
When did it get like this?
What do you mean?
Well. Sara. the girl who helped
me with my glasses. she--
she said that after Sheriff Boyd
found the talismans
that for a long time
people were safe.
When did that change?
It was. um...
I guess it was--
It was around the night
that my dad died.
We had lost a family
the night before. the Pratts.
and then Jim and Tabitha.
the Matthews family.
they showed up with Jade.
They came all together?
Um. not in the same car.
just they got here
at the same time.
And ever since then.
things have been bad?
No. no.
that's not what I mean.
Hey. Kenny.
You mind if I borrow him
for a second?
- Come here a second.
- I'll come back.
Hey.
Uh. Sophia. right?
I'm Julie.
I know.
I just wanted to tell you
I'm really sorry
about what happened
to your dad.
How's she doing?
Honestly. I don't--
I don't really know.
I mean. she prays a lot.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I-I didn't mean to upset you.
I-- I'm sorry.
What the fuck
did you mean to do. then?
- Julie...
- No. She thinks it's our fault!
Hey. okay. Everybody.
let's take a breath.
Did you tell her that
all of the bad things
started happening
because we came here?
No. no. that's--
no. I didn't s--
no. that's not what I meant.
Let's go home.
No. fuck this.
This is not our home.
I...[gasps]
Julie.
Julie. stop!
Do you think it's true?
- What?
- That when we got here
that all the bad things that
have happened since we got here.
do you think it's our fault?
No. honey. of course not.
Why did it feel like
those crows were celebrating?
[speaking indistinctly]
Sophia.
I'm sorry. I didn't...
It's okay.
Uh. we need to talk. Okay?
Okay.
Poor Julie.
Yeah.
I mean.
it seems like a lifetime ago
when we made that little space
for her in our room.
Yeah.
Hey.
You know. you haven't really
talked much about what happened?
- I'm trying to be okay.
- Yeah.
I am. I'm just...
I'm trying to let go of this.
I just don't know how.
You know what?
I have an idea.
Stay right there.
I'm gonna--
I gotta grab a few things.
Where are you going?
Stay right there.
I'll be right back.
[pensive music plays]
Oh. look. Ethan.
my dad is my roommate now.
This is--
This is his bed right here.
Yeah. it's a good thing
that I threw all my stuff
out the window
because then
it made all this space.
It's nice having
a roommate now. too. be--
because you have
someone to talk to.
you know.
if you're afraid.
[inhaling. exhaling sharply]
And you can talk to me.
you know. if you're ever--
if you're ever afraid.
Are there any lakes here?
What?
Lakes?
Have you seen
any lakes here?
Uh. there's the--
there's the Brundles.
That's not very far from here.
- Can we go see it?
- [Victor] What?
No. I don't like it there.
Water's creepy.
Please.
Why do you wanna
go see the Brundles?
Never mind.
I'll find it myself.
No. but you're supposed
to stay here with me. That...
I don't care.
Well. I do.
- I just need to see the lake.
- Why?
Friends aren't supposed
to keep secrets. Ethan.
[exhaling] Fine.
If you take me to the lake.
I'll tell you.
[groans]
[suspenseful music playing]
[drawer shuts]
[gasps]
What are you doing out here?
I saw you walk off alone.
Thought you might be
doing something stupid.
like going back to the ruins.
Go away.
Julie.
I'm not going
to the ruins. okay?
I need to get something
from our house.
Okay.
Our old house.
Wait. wait.
The one that collapsed?
No. No fuckin' way.
I was inside that thing
when it came down. remember?
- Okay.
- It's just too unstable.
Okay.
No. look. look.
All right. stop. stop. Stop.
What's in there
that's so important?
I told you
that thing that I can do?
My brother called it
Storywalking?
He learned about it
from one of his books.
and all his books
are under the house now.
and I-I need to know if
there's anything in there
about how to control it.
so I can go back
and save my dad
without getting killed.
And maybe
that is stupid. okay?
But I'm not asking
your permission. I'm going.
So you can help me
or you can leave me alone.
Give me that.
You still want that bullet?
There's something
I need you to do for me first.
[Ethan] What's he doing?
[Victor] I think he's sleeping.
Jade?
What?
Let's go.
We just got here.
It's not what I'm looking for.
How do you know that?
I just do.
Ethan. you-- you promised
that if I brought you here.
you would tell me.
I need to find
the Lake of Tears.
It's a lake with magical powers.
What kind of magical powers?
It can make people better
when they're hurt.
I thought I made it up.
but my dad told me it's here.
I need to find it.
When did he tell you that?
Yesterday. Out by the RV?
Maybe once I find it.
it can make him better.
Maybe he'll come back.
Maybe Jade can help.
Jade!
Oh. for Christ's sakes. what?
We need to find
the Lake of Tears!
The lake of what?
It's a kids'
book though. right?
It's stories
made up for little kids?
Before we got here. I thought
monsters were made up. too.
Fair point.
You good?
This is where I talked to my dad
the day the house collapsed.
He was still down there
when the sun was setting.
I was so scared that
we were just gonna lose him
right then and there.
He...
He kept telling me
everything was gonna be okay.
that I shouldn't be afraid.
Hey. uh.
why don't you let me do this?
What?
I can handle a couple of books.
Besides. someone's
gonna need to be up here
if something happens. right?
No. no. I should be the-- it's
my thing. I should be the one--
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Storywalker.
why don't you let someone else
do the cool shit
for a change. huh?
It's good for my self-esteem.
There's a--
There's a way in over here.
In-- In the story.
Achan caused the whole nation
of Israel to suffer
because he offended God.
And that's
what you told Julie?
I just thought
that maybe. somehow.
they brought some sort of
ill tidings with them--
Okay. stop.
The people here.
they're always one bad day away
from giving up.
giving up. losing hope.
I-I know.
it was-- it was...
I know.
Look...
we need to figure out where
you're gonna live from now on.
Where do you live?
That. uh-- that big house
up on the hill. Colony House.
There's plenty of room there.
But there's-- there's
so many people there.
Yeah.
Can't I just stay
at the clinic?
Well. there's no extra rooms
in the clinic. so...
Where does Sara live?
What?
She was really nice to me.
That's not a good idea.
Because of-- of what she did?
How did you. um...
I've--
I've heard people talking.
Why-- Why would you-- why would
you want to live with her?
Because I've--
Because I've seen her kindness.
and I don't-- I don't think
she's a bad person.
You have no idea
the kind of person she is.
[wood creaking softly]
[Julie] I can't see you at all.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Just letting my eyes adjust.
that's all.
How many of these books
am I looking for anyway?
He kept them all
in a little blue bag.
They should be together.
Little blue bag. huh?
Piece of cake.
[wood creaking softly]
[metal creaking]
Randall?
I'm fine.
What are we doing here?
[exhales]
We got storage sheds
around town.
The storage room in the diner.
they're filled
with clothes. tools.
everything we thought
would be useful.
This is everything else.
Okay.
I want you to treat this place
like a crime scene.
Like. these--these things.
they tell a story. right?
I want you
to develop a narrative.
Tell me everything
there is to know
about the people
this stuff belonged to.
Why?
Because I asked you to.
So. why don't you do it?
You're a cop.
You were trained to do this.
- I wasn't.
- [Acosta] Hm.
There-- There might be things
we overlooked.
something that'll
help us get out of here.
Tell me why we're really here.
- I just did.
- Bullshit.
Hey.
You better tell me
why we're really here.
Because you
remind me of someone.
All right?
You remind me...
of someone I could've
helped and I didn't.
I don't get to get that back.
But I'm gonna stand here and--
Look. I know you think
everything I said is bullshit.
and maybe it is.
Maybe it isn't. all right?
But if you do this for me.
think about all the people
you might be helping.
the people you might be saving.
You think about the cop
who first put that badge on.
You do all that. and you
still want that bullet...
then. yeah. we'll talk.
That's a promise.
[knocking]
Donna?
[pensive music playing]
I think she went back to town.
Oh.
You need something?
Uh. no. I'm-- I'm okay.
Are you?
Forty years. I sat in my house
after my family disappeared.
I was... a lot of things.
"Okay" was never one of them.
I should go home.
Where you headed?
Um. just going home.
Oh. Well. I'll walk with you.
Henry. no. it's okay.
I can go by myself.
Tabitha. I don't think you
should be alone right now.
So. where are
you really going?
I'm going home.
And where are you
going after that?
Henry. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Sure you do. You're good
at a lot of things. Tabitha.
Lying is definitely
not among them.
So we can play
the whole charade
of me dropping
you off at your house
and then waiting to see where
else you go or you can just--
Okay. I'm gonna
find the lighthouse. okay?
I'm gonna find my way
back to the lighthouse.
I got out of here once.
If I find the lighthouse.
I can maybe. maybe. hopefully.
I can do it again and
take my children with me.
I'm not gonna
let them die here.
How? Donna said no one knows
where the lighthouse is...
No. they don't. That's why
I have to do it again.
like I did the last time.
I have to go through
the bottle tree.
The man
in the pool. Dale. right?
He died when
he tried going through.
Yeah. but...
Okay. what if it was...
What if it was
not meant for him?
only meant for me?
And what if you're wrong?
What if you end up stuck
in the side of god-knows-what
somewhere no one can--
I don't know. I don't know.
Henry. I have to try.
- Okay. I'm coming with you.
- No. Henry--
You said you're going to
the bottle tree. right?
I wanna see it.
I want to see the tree
my wife died trying to reach.
[sighs]
Henry. I have
to tell you something--
She was my wife. Please.
Okay. Let's go.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Where are we going?
It's just a little further.
Why won't you tell me
what's in the bag?
You'll see.
Ever heard of a rage room?
They're really popular in Japan.
It's sort of a way to
lash out. you know. let go
without hurting somebody
or breaking shit that you need.
Ellis. this is really sweet.
but I don't know
how this is gonna help--
When my mom died.
you were the one
that brought me back.
You didn't even
know me very well.
but you knew that
I was still in there.
underneath all the...
the dark. horrible shit
that I was going through.
and you never gave up on me.
not until you finally
pulled me out.
It's my turn now.
Give it a shot.
So...
you want the crowbar...
or the bat?
Definitely the bat.
That's my girl.
[exhales heavily]
[thuds]
[laughs]
It's all yours.
[cries out]
[screaming]
Okay. so. let me
get this straight.
You made up this Lake of Tears
as part of a game that you used
to play with finger puppets.
It wasn't a game.
It was a story.
Okay. so. you told
a story about this lake
and some finger puppets.
and now-- now what?
You think the lake is here
because your dad told you
that you need to find it?
Maybe I didn't make it up.
Maybe I just thought I did.
I'm confused.
Do you remember the red rocks
we found at the settlement?
Oh. yeah.
My mom thought
she made them up
because she used to have
nightmares about them.
But the reason
she saw those rocks
was because they were here.
Maybe it's the same
with the lake.
Maybe I used it in my story
because it's real.
and I just didn't know.
What were you doing
at the Brundles?
It's an old
meditation technique.
[Ethan]
Why were you meditating?
[Jade] Because I...
[exhaling sharply]
I'm trying to
remember something.
I'm trying to remember
something that I used to know.
something that'll
help us leave.
[Ethan] So. we're both
looking for something
that can help everyone.
[Jade] I guess we are.
Hey. Victor.
we got a lake to find.
Victor?
Hey.
What is that?
[urine dripping]
Victor.
[crow cawing]
[cawing]
- [crows cawing]
- [Ethan] Victor!
Victor! Come on.
[cawing]
- Victor!
- [Ethan] Victor!
[cawing]
[wood creaking softly]
[Randall] Jesus!
Fuck!
What?
Ah. Nothing. I'm good.
Ah. fuck.
I see the bag.
[clattering]
[creaking]
[knocking]
Kenny.
Is everything all right?
[Kenny] Sophia and I
have been talking
about where she wants
to live from now on.
Okay.
And if it's all right.
she would like to live here.
with you.
Oh.
Okay. Sure.
[Kenny]
Okay.
Okay. Come on.
Let's go.
Randall?
What's going on?
Ah. just gimme a sec.
I got the bag.
What are the titles?
Uh...
Grand Gooligog.
The Cromenockle.
Okay. that's them!
Get out of there!
Yeah. All right.
All right.
It's just you and me. pal.
[wood creaking softly]
Ah. fuck.
[screeching]
[squeaking]
[Julie]
Randall?
Ah. I'm okay.
Yeah. I'm okay.
Better?
A little. yeah.
Well. it's a start. right?
Yeah.
I'm gonna. uh...
I'm gonna go take a nap.
Yeah. I told Donna
that I was gonna start
getting things ready
for the food run tomorrow.
Okay?
Okay.
And. hey. um...
thank you for today.
You're welcome.
[pensive music playing]
[knocking]
It's me.
I did the best I could.
Think it's gonna be enough?
It's a great start.
But I think we're gonna
need a little bit more.
Oh.
Yeah. Victor told me this
is where Miranda was going
when... when she died.
He took me
to her grave. but I...
I don't think he could bear
to take me here.
This looks just like
the one she made back home.
Except for this.
Go back to town. Henry.
- Tabitha. you can't do this.
- Henry. please. I...
Look. I was hoping
you'd realize it
on your own
by the time we got here.
Henry. I told you.
the tree is the one--
Yes. the tree is
meant only for you.
And-- And-- And what if it
isn't? What if you're wrong?
What if you end up stuck
in some wall somewhere.
gasping for air. alone?
What happens to Julie and Ethan?
I left a note for Donna.
She'll make sure
to take care of them.
- [Henry] You left a note?
- Yes. I did.
Boy. well. I didn't realize
you'd left a note.
I'm sure they'll be just fine.
Am I supposed to do nothing?
Finding the lighthouse could be
what gets everyone home.
- And if it's not?
- I don't know!
- I'll try something else!
- Not if you're dead!
Then what the fuck am I supposed
to do. Henry? Move!
- I don't know!
- Will you move. please?
I don't know!
I wish I did know.
But if you wanna go
through this tree...
you're gonna have
to go through me first.
Henry. move.
Please. Henry.
Your kids need you.
Ethan and Julie.
Tabitha?
Why are you here?
Why do you look so different?
Those are
the wrong questions.
Will that tree take me
back to the lighthouse?
- I don't think so.
- [Tabitha] Wait.
You don't think so?
You told me
it was the only way.
It was. but that was before.
[Tabitha]
Yeah. but before--
Okay. you need to stop
talking in riddles.
You're getting so close now.
but I'm afraid
you're running out of time.
[Ethan]
Victor!
- Victor!
- Okay.
It came from over there.
Come on.
Victor.
What happened?
[Tabitha]
Ethan?
We're over here!
Ethan!
Oh. honey.
[whimpering]
Hey. Victor.
Hey. Hey. talk to me. son.
I told-- I-I told myself
that it wasn't real.
I told myself it wasn't real.
Shh.
It's okay. buddy.
It's okay.
You're all right. Son.
It's okay. Son. It's okay.
It's all right.
You're all right.
It's all right. Hey. hey.
I'll be damned.
Hey. Abbs.
Been a while.
Things are. uh...
Yeah. things are changing.
I am changing.
Done some things recently
and said some things...
I don't know
if I like who I'm becoming.
But I don't know who else to be.
Tabitha and-- and Jade.
uh. if what they're saying.
what they remember.
if it's true. it feels like.
for the first time.
we're close to something.
Yeah. but none
of it matters if...
if I can't hold
these people together.
If I lose these people
right now. I...
Yeah.
I could really use some help.
I-I-I don't know
if there's anything you can do.
but if you can hear me...
What the...! Hey!
No. no!
[struggling]
No. no. no! Hey! Hey! Hey!
[gasping for breath]
[breathing heavily]
What the...?
What the fuck is...?
[theme music plays]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org